# Proposal## What will (likely) be the title of your project?Mario## In just a sentence or two, summarize your project. (E.g., "A website that lets you buy and sell stocks.")It’s a Mario game that uses ASCII to create a pyramid. ## In a paragraph or more, detail your project. What will your software do? What features will it have? How will it be executed?For this project we are making a Mario game that use ASCII. We will be creating a pyramid of tiles in procedurally generated level. We will also create the characteristics end of level flag that delineates one level from another choosing to either end the level with a message or transition to a brand new one. ## If planning to combine 1051's final project with another course's final project, with which other course? And which aspect(s) of your proposed project would relate to 1051, and which aspect(s) would relate to the other course?NA## If planning to collaborate with 1 or 2 classmates for the final project, list their names, email addresses, and the names of their assigned TAs below.Maahin Mubasher Mirza - sec: 2, maahin.mirza@temple.edu, Elmira TalebianarakiSaumika Pandey - sec: 8, saumika.pandey@temple.edu, Yang Zhao## In the world of software, most everything takes longer to implement than you expect. And so it's not uncommon to accomplish less in a fixed amount of time than you hope.### In a sentence (or list of features), define a GOOD outcome for your final project. I.e., what WILL you accomplish no matter what?I think we will able to accomplish the game before the due date but if something were to come and we couldn’t finish the entire project we will at least finish the pyramid of the Mario game. ### In a sentence (or list of features), define a BETTER outcome for your final project. I.e., what do you THINK you can accomplish before the final project's deadline?I truly believe that we will be completing with this project before the due date without any issues. The better outcome for this project would be is being able to figure out each steps and being able to show that in python code. ### In a sentence (or list of features), define a BEST outcome for your final project. I.e., what do you HOPE to accomplish before the final project's deadline?Lastly a best outcome for this project would be being able to execute our ideas we have with making this Mario game. ## In a paragraph or more, outline your next steps. What new skills will you need to acquire? What topics will you need to research? If working with one of two classmates, who will do what?For our next step I need to research about how to create a pyramid of tiles also other things needed for this game project. Also this is my first doing a programming project so I will definitely be using all the resources from runestone python textbook. We have not decided which part each of us are doing, but we will figure out that soon. 